---
layout:    post_entry
title:   The Dream that you are holding in your mind.
image:  /img/paper.jpg
---

"I don't know what that **dream** is that you have. I don't care how disappointing it might've been as you've been working toward that dream, but that dream that you are holding in your mind *is possible*. That some of you already know. That its hard, its not easy. Its hard challenging your life. That in the process of working on your dream. You are going to incur a lot of disappointments, a lot of failures, a lot of pains. There are moments when you're gonna doubt yourself: why this is happening to me, I'm not trying to steal or rob from anybody. 

**How does this have to happen to me?**

The rough times are gonna come, but they are not coming to stay, they are 		coming to pass. Its very important for you to believe, that you are the one. Most people, they raise a family, they earn a living and then they died. They stop growing, they stop working on themselves, they stop stretching, they stop pushing themselves. And most people don't work on their dreams, why? One is because of fear, the fear of failure, "what if things don't work out"? **you spend so much time with other people, you spent so much time trying to get people to like you. you know other people more than you know yourself** 

And you know what? you've invested so much time on them and you don't know who you are. I challenged you to spend time by yourself. When you become the "right person", what you do is you starting separating yourself from other people, you begin to have a certain uniqueness, as long as you following other people, you will never, ever be the best **copy-cat** in the world. 

That everybody won't see it, that everybody won't join you, that everybody won't have the vision and its necessary to know that." [@Dream](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-jwWYX7Jlo)